docs: add link for emoji list (#547)
readmeio/markdown: docs/callouts.md

> ❗️ Error
> Sunt eius porro assumenda sequi, explicabo dolorem unde.

> If a callout starts with an emoji that's not dedicated to one of the themes (above), the component will fall back to a default block quote-style color scheme. Check out [emoji-test.txt](https://unicode.org/Public/emoji/14.0/emoji-test.txt) for the full list of emojis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a callout starts with an emoji that's not dedicated to one of the themes (above), the component will fall back to a default block quote-style color scheme. See [here](https://unicode.org/Public/emoji/14.0/emoji-test.txt) for the full list of supported emojis.
```
